écran écritoire administration affaire agence armoire assemblée étude bibliothèque boîte bure burlingue caisse cartonnier chancellerie classeur collège comité commission comptoir connexion conseil direction directoire fichier guichet interface office officine organisme permanence pièce pupitre réunion secrétaire secrétariat service succursale table tapisserie

Chemine

Ant
Owl, wise
Fox, cunning
Cat, predator
Bat, patient
Emu, 

--

Intro
Cat Awakening.
Owl Paper
Bat Pencil
Fox Desk

Actions
Cat Origami
Owl Manuscript
Bat Drawing

Experiment
Bat Use pencil against self
Owl Learn Pencil serial
Fox Keep the desk open
Fox Enter Desk
Fox Enter Desk, dies
Cat Enter Desk, survive
Owl Religious interpretation
Fox Build desk inside out
Bat Dream yourself back into the room

Reception
    Find limb
    Eat Desk
    Meet competition


I’ve been writing a sort of story, or pondering on a concept. I would like to know "What would you do?"


Preface:

You wake up in a room, a wooden bedside table with a piece of blank paper and pencil lies in front of you. The walls of the room are white of an unbreakable matter, the room is about 4 square meters. Inside the furniture, pages with notes written with your handwritting, you have no recollection.

You wake up in a room, a wooden bedside table, a blank page and a pencil. You write something.

You wake up, documents found in the desk warns you about the room. You hide inside.

You don't fall asleep, when you open the door, you are also standing outside. You exchange sights, you both realize that only one can fit inside the desk. You should have a brought the pencil with you, you failed to defend yourself.

Manuscripts tells of the persistance of the inside of the desk, you are wise, you build it inside out. You don't fall asleep, another you eventually emerge from the desk with a pencil and a piece of paper.

You wake up, you find a limb inside the furniture.

You have been awake for days, sitting on the furniture, you await the moment when the door will open again and you can add a stroke to your page, a corpse to the floor.



//

on this topic, there are narrative elements that I have not mentioned

[20:09]  
the desk have a serial number

[20:09]  
but if you map it, it makes for a list of seemingly random numbers

[20:10]  
I wonder what you’d find after an infinite amount of days, in the desk

[20:10]  
what is the pan-ultimate-apex-summary of these simple rules.

[20:11]  
it might not be text, images might convey this better. Does language evolve over infinite time, when the reader does not


//

oh, I'm reading that you leaving the desk results in the death of the "person" and a new one starts in the desk

neauoire [20:22] 
nope, if you hide inside the desk, the next time you open the desk, you will find yourself in front of a version of you who is waking up

xsova_ [20:22] 
the desk is the brain..?

neauoire [20:23] 
my text warn that if you cross over that way, without taking a pencil with you, you end up unarmed in the face of your copy. And only one of the two yous will be able to be persistent. So it’s basically deathmatch.


//

brennan [20:42] 
if you put one piece of the desk inside an inside out desk + instructions, can you theseus' ship the thing?